https://www.lynda.com/Google-TensorFlow-tutorials/

"We train the algorithm by showing it training data and the expected output for that data and it has to figure out how to come up with the expected result."

"First we code our machine learning algorithm. We'll do that by building a computational graph of operations that TensorFlow can run."

"Then we'll add the placeholder node that represents the data that will be fed in as input to the neural network. And another placeholder node that represents the output, or values predicted by the neural network. "

"Next, we need a way to measure the accuracy of the neural network's predictions. We'll define the function that measures the accuracy of each prediction during the training process. This is called a loss function. The loss function gets added to the graph as its own operation."

"Then we have to create an optimizer function that tells TensorFlow how we want to train the model."

"When we run this function, it will perform one training step on our model. TensorFlow provides many pre-built optimizer functions so usually we just have to tell it which one to use and we don't need to implement custom code. We'll call this node the training operation. The training operation will train the neural network by looking at the results of the loss function and using that to adjust the weights of each layer in the neural network until they produce the desired output. "

"But before we can execute any of the operations in our graph, we have to create a Tensorflow session. A session is an object intenser flow that runs operations on the graph and tracks the state of each node in the graph. Once the session object is created, we can ask it to run any operation in the graph."

"To train the model, we'll call the training operation over and over. Each time the training operation runs, we'll pass a new training data that will be used for that training pass. And then we'll check the current accuracy by calling the loss function. While the training process is running, we can watch the results graphically using a separate tool called TensorBoard."

"Now that the model is trained, we can move on to the testing phase. We pass in test data, and then measure the accuracy by calling the loss function. The data will flow through the neural network and into the loss function. The loss function will tell us how close the values predicted by the neural network were to the real testing data."

"Once we are happy with the accuracy of the predictions, we can save this model to a file. When we save a trained model, we're actually writing out a copy of this graph, and the state of all nodes in the graph. When we load the model later, we're just restoring the graph to it's previous state."

"Now that we have a trained model, we'll load it up to restore the graph. To use the model to make new predictions, we'll feed in data to the input node and call the output operation. The data will flow through the neural network to the output node."